### Definition:

The GDG DevFest Sofia conference is organized by Eventech Ltd. with UIC 205693397, having its registered office at 24, Lyuben Rusev str., fl. 2, ap.1, Sofia, Bulgaria, hereinafter “GDG Sofia”.

Platform: the GDG Devfest Sofia websites, including – but not limited to – https://devfest.bg/ or other (online/electronic) third-party platforms that GDG Sofia uses you, your: user of the Platform or any other service provided by GDG Devfest Sofia.

### What is a cookie?

When offering services via our Platform we or a third party can place cookies. A cookie is a small data file that your browser places on your computer or mobile device. Cookies can be “persistent” or “session” cookies. Persistent cookies remain on your computer when you have gone offline, while session cookies are deleted as soon as you close your web browser. The third party cookies of third parties are installed by third-party websites, such as advertisers. They gather data about your browsing habits, and allow them to track you across multiple websites.

### What cookies do we use?

We use cookies to help us remember non-personal data such as your user preferences to optimize your user experience on our Platform or to recognize your device the next time you visit our Platform. Certain cookies contain personal data for example, if you click on ‘remember me’ when logging in, a cookie will store your username.

Cookies can be categorised by the role they fulfil on our Platform:

Functional cookies are essential in order to enable you to use and move around our Platform and to ensure that our Platform functions properly.
Analytical cookies are used to collect information on visitor behaviour (e.g. the pages you view most often) to optimise the usability of the Platform.
Advertising cookies are used to follow browsing behaviour over a longer period of time across various websites. These cookies build individual user profiles according to their interests. Based on these interests, the content of the advertisements on our website will be adapted for different visitor groups.
Social cookies are used to enable logged on users of selected social media sites to directly share content from the Platform.

### Unforeseen cookies
Because of how the internet and how websites work, it’s possible that we may have missed a cookie that is placed by a third party on our Platform. If you happen to find one that isn’t listed above, then please let us know.
### Consent

You give your consent for cookies to be placed and read out on our Platform by clicking “agree” on the cookie notice or by continuing to use the Platform. For more information about the use of the information collected through cookies see our Privacy Statement.

### Refusing cookies

You can use the settings within your browser to control the cookies that are set on your computer or mobile device. To learn more, please look at the cookie settings available in your specific web browser(s). The links below will take you directly to your browser’s manual.

Google Chrome
Firefox
Edge
Safari

However, please be aware that cookies are important to many aspects of the Platform. If you set your browser to reject cookies, you may not be able to enjoy all of the features of the Platform.

### Google Analytics

Google Analytics and Google Remarketing Analytics is a service of Google Inc., 1600 Amphitheater Parkway, Mountain View, CA 94043, USA (“Google”). Google Analytics uses cookies, which allows an analysis of the use of our Website by Google. The information collected anonymously about the use of our Website (including your IP address) collected by the cookie is generally transferred to a server of Google in the USA and stored there. For more information please read the privacy policy of Google: https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245?hl=en 

You can prevent Google’s processing of the data (including your IP address) generated by the cookie and your use of our Website (including your IP address) as well as the processing of this data by Google by downloading the browser plug-in available under the following link And install. For more information about Google Analytics and privacy, please visit http://tools.google.com/dlpage/gaoptout?hl=en. 

### Social Plugins

Our Platform uses social plugins (“plugins”) from different social networks, including Facebook, Twitter and Google+. With the help of these plugins, you can, for example, share content or recommend products. The plugins are deactivated by default and therefore do not send any data.

By clicking on the “Share” button you can activate the plugins. The plugins can be deactivated with click “Close” button. When these plugins are enabled, your browser connects directly to the servers of the respective social network as soon as they access any of our Platforms. The content of the plugin is transmitted directly from the social network to your browser and integrated into it by the Platform.

If you do not want social networks to collect data about you through active plugins, you can either disable the social plugins or choose the option “Block third-party cookies” in your browser settings.

### Changes to this Cookie Statement

This statement may be changed from time to time. The new statement will be effective immediately upon posting. Please check our statement frequently to stay informed about how we use cookies.

This statement was last updated on July 24, 2019.

This statement is exclusively governed by the laws of Bulgaria. Any and all disputes that may arise with respect to this statement will be referred exclusively to the competent court in Bulgaria.

How can you contact us?

If you have any questions regarding this Privacy Statement or your privacy, you can contact us at: 
gdgsofia@gmail.com 

